TELMAN GADIMOV
+994 (50) 640 02 10  Baku, AZ
telmangadimov1@gmail.com  Linkedin  GitHub
EDUCATION
Bachelor in Computer Engineering, Khazar University
Backend Developer Trainee, ABB Tech Academy

Sep 2020 - present
June 2022 - March 2023

SKILLS
Languages
Frameworks
Tools

Java, JavaScript, Python
Spring Boot, Vuejs , Django, Flask
Git, Docker, Heroku, AWS

Soft Skills

Time Management, Teamwork, Communication, Problem Solving, Leadership, Accountability

EXPERIENCE
Software Developer
Kolivan

Apr 2023 - Nov 2023
Baku, Azerbaijan

• Developing server-side logic, including business logic and data manipulation.
• Collaborating with cross-functional teams, such as frontend developers and product managers, to define project
requirements and ensure smooth integration of frontend and backend components.
• Designing and implementing RESTful APIs to support frontend functionality.
• Working with databases, such as MySQL and PostgreSQL, to design and implement data models and efficiently
query data.
PROJECTS
Tinder App Java, Servlet, PostgreSQL, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Heroku

GitHub

Step Project Tinder is a Java-based web application built using servlets, aimed at creating a Tinder-like dating
platform. The project includes features such as user registration, user profile creation, matching algorithms, and
messaging capabilities.
Plane Ticket Booking Java

GitHub

The Step Project Booking app is built with core Java, demonstrating proficiency in object-oriented programming
concepts. The app allows users to book plane tickets and manage reservations through a command-line interface.
Employee management system Java, Spring Boot , PostgreSQL, Thymleaf

GitHub

This is an employee management system project built using Spring Boot framework. The system allows for the
creation and management of employee profiles, including personal information.
Spring Security JWT Java, Spring Security

GitHub

Spring Security JWT is an open-source project on GitHub that provides a sample application with Spring Boot
and Spring Security using JSON Web Tokens (JWT) for authentication and authorization.
Product Inventory Manager Java, Spring Boot, Postgre SQL, Vue js, Swagger

GitHub

The Product-Inventory-Manager is a web application developed with Vue.js and Spring Boot. It enables users
to manage inventory and keep track of stock levels in a clean and organized interface.

